Update whats-new-in-defender-for-office-365.md (#9920)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/whats-new-in-defender-for-office-365.md

- [What's new in Microsoft Defender for Identity](/defender-for-identity/whats-new)
- [What's new in Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps](/cloud-app-security/release-notes)

## October 2022

> - [Automated Investigations email cluster action de-duplication](air-review-approve-pending-completed-actions.md) We are putting additional checks if the same investigation cluster is already approved in last 1 hour, new duplicate remediation will not be processed again. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Automated Investigations email cluster action de-duplication](air-review-approve-pending-completed-actions.md): We have added additional checks. If the same investigation cluster is already approved during the past hour, new duplicate remediation will not be processed again. 
```

## September 2022

> **Automatic redirection from Office Action Center to Unified Action Center:** Action center in the Email & collaboration blade Email & Collaboration > Review > Action center( https://security.microsoft.com/threatincidents) is automated reditected to Actions & Submissions > Action center -> History tab (https://security.microsoft.com/action-center/history)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Automatic redirection from Office action center to unified action center:** The action center in the Email & collaboration blade - **Email & Collaboration** > **Review** > **Action center**(https://security.microsoft.com/threatincidents) is automatically redirected to **Actions & Submissions** > **Action center** > **History** (https://security.microsoft.com/action-center/history).
```
